all recipes member dan who shared this
recipe for classic fish and chips says
it is a good tasting simple recipe for
New England's favorite dish and
recommends serving it with malt vinegar
lemon or tartar sauce we'll start by
cutting for large peeled potatoes into
strips and placing them in a bowl of
cold water soaking in water removes the
extra starch from potatoes and makes
them extra crisp when frying for the
batter blue was together 1 cup flour 1
teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon salt
and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper in a
medium bowl then add one cup milk and 1
egg whisking until the batter is smooth
several all recipes members suggested
substituting beer for milk in the batter
cover and refrigerate the batter until
ready to fry next heat one-quarter
vegetable oil or as needed in a Dutch
oven or large heavy bottom pot to 350
degrees add potatoes that have been
drained and patted dry to the hot oil
you want to add them in small batches so
they fry evenly and don't bring down the
oil temperature fry the potatoes until
they are tender about 5 minutes and
remove to paper towels to drain continue
until all potatoes are fried while the
potatoes are resting we'll prepare the
fish to help the batter adhere to the
fish will Pat one-and-a-half pounds of
cod fillets dry and lightly dredge in
flour
now dredge the fish piece-by-piece
in chilled batter
and add to the oil be sure to maintain
the oil temperature at 350 degrees fry
the fish and batches until golden brown
on all sides then drain on paper towels
and lightly seasoned with salt if you
want will now crisp up potatoes in the
hot oil for one to two minutes and serve
alongside the fried cod fillets this is
a basic recipe for classic fish and
chips that you can adjust to your taste
all recipes members suggest spicing up
the batter with your favorite seasonings